a sociopath what does it mean and why is
everyone talking about it
sociopath is boiled-down someone who is
just more savage thank you for the
clarification Logan very cool
a sociopath it's just someone a more
savage everyone now this topic is being
widely discussed on YouTube thanks to
Shane Dawson's latest video the dark
side of Jake Paul
it's got 50 million views and it was
number one on trending for a while now
Shane talks about sociopaths in this
series and tries to answer the question
it's Jake Paul a sociopath now this
video rubbed me the wrong way and a lot
of other people and here is why to be
clear when Shane announced that he was
gonna make a video series on Jay Paul I
thought wow that's actually really
interesting because Shana usually digs
deeper with his topics and he actually
interviews people so to uncover more
information like the tan akan thing he
actually interview Tana
so yeah I was really excited about it
until he said it was gonna be an 8 part
series 8 parts why how can you make an 8
part series on Jake Paul and watching
the latest video you realized it's
because it's not about Jake Paul this
video called their dark side of Jake
poll has hardly anything to do with Jake
Paul it's a 45-minute sit-down with this
therapist talking about sociopaths and
sort of alluding to Jake being one which
is kind of a sociopathic thing to do if
you ask me I don't know trying to reach
that someone might be a sociopath
without having to met them I don't know
it's kind of weird now watching through
this video you realize Jake is 100% of
sociopath
Shane is a sociopath almost sociopathic
you're a sociopath everyone is a
sociopath because the definition of what
a sociopath is was so incredibly vague
that it fits anyone
for example they drive fast probably
they drive fast have you ever driven
fast sociopaths
the things that harmfully together so
anyway guys I know these are just
examples but there were so many of them
my favorite my favorite is this one that
looks like fuckin straight-up sociopaths
planning their next
over the caption let's go the caption is
he joking I don't understand it was
before their boxing fight like he put a
caption let's go he's a sociopath they
also had another one I was really good
for instance the other day I was in my
car and I'm driving this little Lee that
started to get into the crosswalk and I
was like honey you got like 12 seconds
worried I hope people wait for you and
like pay attention right you know a
sociopath would just be like oh it
wouldn't worry there's no worry for her
you ever scoffed at an old lady being
slow I got bad news for you then they
dropped a big number the big hole the
whole thing with the video I think that
a lot of people latched on to and for a
video with this many views it's kind of
annoying how this is what's gonna be
spread around from now on probably from
a lot of people how realistic is it for
me to know what they say one in twenty
five so Shane asked how many people are
sociopaths
and and she says one in twenty five now
the source I could find for this was
from author mater stout who says that
one in twenty five Americans secretly
has no conscience and can do anything at
all without feeling guilty called the
sociopath next door now this is clearly
put on the front of a book to sell more
books it's a it's on the cover to
intrigue people to sell more because it
sounds interesting now what I found was
that three percent of males and 1
percent of females have APD anti
personality disorder and this is
mentioned in the video but just because
you have an T's personality disorder
does not make you a sociopath I
understand what Shane is trying to do is
to draw more people in and make this
more interesting
painting this picture that anyone can be
a sociopath and anyone can be used you
know you never know which makes it more
interesting I get it but when you're
talking about mental health we kind of
have to be more responsible than that
the video constantly uses this bizarre
stock footage edits in them with this
creepy background music oh there's a bar
right there yeah like they walk into
that bar there's probably a hundred
people so that means there's for Jesus
is that a fake reaction enough for you
yeah they didn't talk about delivering
Paul's famous for his video to me it was
like oh this is sad I'll put aside
something so nothing he's a sociopath
but like that's something that is such a
pepper dude right be like totally yeah
if somebody didn't know like how to be
emotionally they would just go to audio
library and like literally creepy
emotion do they not know like would they
okay the youtubers are sociopaths and
they're making an apology video and I
first want to apologize to my brother so
they just type in sad wonder so like
they just like Google emotions and like
put them in the video you do the same
thing everyone does this if you need a
sad song you search for sad music so you
can find the sad song just like in the
sad part of your video you added sad
music multiple yeah so then it's like
that person is never going to experience
like the joy of like having sex for the
first time we're like getting your first
car or like going to music they don't
like and I don't know maybe it's just me
but I think adding creepy music while
talking with the therapist about mental
health it's kind of a sociopathic thing
as well now Shane's response to this was
the reason I made it scary and creepy
was so people would watch it because if
I made it like a staple in her video
where I just sat there and was like oh
interesting they don't feel okay next
topic people wouldn't care and I
disagree but then again I don't get 15
million views of my videos I just think
it's some topics you either do them
right or you just don't touch them the
video is called the dark side of Jake
Paul people are gonna watch
regardless I'm pretty sure and you
didn't even have anything to do with
Jake or hardly anything when it comes to
this type of person or when it comes to
this disorder you don't want to XYZ
I mean you know the video uses clips of
randomly of youtubers while talking
about this whole thing you know not just
take Paul but others as well if you have
to be kind of a super honestly are you
sociopath exactly and not until 11
minutes and 30 seconds in the video you
get this disclaimer old clips shown are
youtubers actors and even myself are
just being used for context
I'm hundred percent not even seeing any
people sure know usually you addicts at
the beginning of the video but I don't
know that's just what I think I'm like I
don't know it just made me laugh out
loud like I have to drag in all these
youtubers by the way guys
not even you waiting anything my
favorite one however it's one they're
mimicking you're honing their craft kind
of so if they're not very good at it
they won't elicit the right response out
of you her fans are not having it
because they once again just a clip for
context it has nothing to do with why
we're saying we're not attacking this
person just for context just for context
just for context clips as well was used
with actual killers actual murderers
like OJ Simpson and I don't know who
this is but will you kill again
if the opportunity arises I hope so so
it's kind of blurring the line between
not just youtubers but also sociopaths
and killers as well just because you're
a sociopath that doesn't mean you're a
killer or that you want to hurt people
and this was sort of sort of reinforced
by the therapists as well in the video
talking about impulsive 'ti and that
that can lead you to become more
dangerous which is what makes them a
little dangerous I always thinking
like a dangerous thing for both of them
and the people around them you know when
a simple google will tell you the
opposite
while it's coming to think sociopaths
and Psychopaths are inherently dangerous
this is more constructive TV drama than
a true reflection of the disorder it is
definitely possible but it's not an
inherent characteristic and Shane is
doing the same thing here it sort of
overly dramatic sizing the topic for the
sake of drawing people in so your only
regret is that the torture didn't go on
right and I regret not killing my other
victim the weirdest thing about the
video is that the therapist they're
referring to really icky or really nasty
or gross behavior it's just creepy isn't
that kind of weird for a therapist to do
I don't know I understand not liking it
I don't either but for a therapist to
describe mental disorder as really icky
really gross
I don't know that's kind of weird to me
now the cherry on the top after this
video you know has described everyone as
a sociopath basically anyone falls under
this category it's also sponsored by
better health
today's episode is brought to you by
better handled this is something I
really think it's great something I
actually really believe it you're a
sociopath by the way this video
sponsored by online therapy also this
video enter the coupon code Shane for
your online therapy today by the way
guys everyone is a sociopath
enter the code Shane for your cheaper
online therapy today now this is one of
those online therapy apps they've been
coming more and more popular a lot of
people are said they work great for them
but they also get a lot of bad reviews
saying that they don't work at all
and if they work for you great but it's
kind of questionable to promote one of
these services I did I think a year ago
and they asked me to talk about their
and I'm like okay fine but I would never
want to take money from it I would never
want to take money for a mental health
app it just doesn't feel right
and I'm probably the most morally skewed
person ever so for me to come up with a
conclusion and not Shane it's kind of
weird now after all this there was a bit
of backlash I mean it has a million
likes and 30,000 dislike us that's
hardly anything I think most people just
enjoy the video and I think that's fine
but Shane did make an apology where he
said I'm sorry if I offended anybody oh
no no no no Shane this is not it okay
I'm sorry if I offended anyone said in
lengthy snapchat video okay Shane if you
need help with apology videos just reach
out I'm really good at them this is a
big no-no for one I'm sorry if I
offended anybody if you are offended for
someone I'm sorry you were offended I
know he doesn't mean it like that it's
just bad badly worded the therapist made
a response as well hey everybody I found
myself getting bullied in comments and I
know I've opened myself to a whole
nother group of people and that's fine
and I'm an adult and like if I have to
block you that's what I'm gonna do
because I don't have to allow you to
hang out in my pool great response these
are great responses guys just please
just come to me all right if you need
help with apologies well I'll set you up
they say in it they say me you're making
it worse five hours of footage I feel
really cut it down and try to make it
entertaining which is my fault I should
have maybe just left a very plain I
wanted to make it entertaining but but
at the at the core of it what I wanted
people to know is like an actual
sociopath does not care it's an okay to
dehumanize someone just because they
don't care if you do I don't really
agree with that I think Shane made a
mistake of starting up this series
asking if it's Jake Paul a sociopath
it's either yes or no and and you know
maybe to the benefit of the doubt maybe
he uncovers some
that we don't know about Jake that
hasn't been told before there's a lot
more episodes coming up to this series
so to remain optimistic
that could be the case I don't know if
Jake is a sociopath because I'm not a
psychologist and I can't evaluate him
but a lot of these topics are gray areas
while we like to say that someone either
yes or no is a sociopath most of the
time that that's not the case and funny
enough Logan reached out and made a
video talking about just this starting
off with a classic less eye beer Shane
Dawson how to start a heavy topic you
gotta say it out 99% of the time someone
is not a sociopath or not a sociopath my
opinion is there's a sociopathic
spectrum at which point some people lie
higher on it than others and by the way
some of the biggest businessmen in the
world could be considered sociopathic
mark Jobs Steve Zuckerberg a little bit
actually makes a lot of sense here how
about that I never thought I'd say that
then again he also did say yeah original
point when trying to say is Shane you
you are scaring your young and
interminable you are scaring your young
impressionable audience Logan Paul
everybody Logan Paul the least
self-aware human being on the planet
Shane Dawson how dare you scare these
children now Logan for that 100th time
so many people told me before they're
famous for its video Oh Logan he's like
the cool one of the poles he's like the
the nice one the less crazy one and I
always said nah nah that ain't it he's a
real crazy one and then the Fords the
video came out and I'm like I told you I
freaking told you I was even quick to
point out like Logan Pole is a sociopath
because if you look at YouTube it's a
shame because it's such an interesting
topic this whole thing is an interesting
topic and now it's just gone completely
gotten completely mixed up
I think the line between youtubers and
sociopaths is really interesting because
if you look at YouTube it sort of
rewards sociopathic behavior and I think
that's why it's so easy for me for
example to spot it in other youtubers
while for a lot of other people who are
not aware of it it will just go
unnoticed for example you understand as
a youtuber what kind of thought process
went through a person's mind or a
youtubers mind when they made a
thumbnail what they want to present in
it what was important for them for other
people to know or how they present a
message and a topic how they presented
in what tone and like they said with the
music or whatever most people don't
think about these things but as a
youtuber you realize and you think and
you understand what went through their
head to make these decision and you
realize wow they're actually kind of
messed up and YouTube in a way rewards
these things you you don't get more
views for having integrity that's for
sure and I think that's the thing with
Jake and Logan they they just don't care
they're just extremely goal-oriented and
motivated to to become popular on
YouTube and earn money that's what they
want they're not trying to hide that
it's pretty obvious they'll do whatever
they can to get that does that mean
they're sociopaths I don't know maybe
but it's certainly 100 percent makes
some scumbags maybe they have some other
personality behind the scenes maybe
they're actually really cool in person
maybe really chill but then again we've
seen their action online does it really
matter you wouldn't go to a killer and
be like well maybe he's actually like a
really nice person that's a bad example
I but you understand what I mean I think
what went wrong with this whole video
the whole shame video and why I think
it's so bad is because apparently Shane
didn't tell Katie I think that's her
name
therapist that this was about Jake Paul
well I'll explain later what this all is
[Music]
there's a lot more to it yikes
apparently Shane I think he mentioned in
the video that he didn't tell her that
originally that this was gonna be about
Jake Paul they were just gonna sit down
and talk about sociopaths and you know
she's referring a lot of times in this
video about anti personality disorder
but through editing and the creepy music
and all that it kind of conflicts and it
becomes anything and become it gets
mixed up with killers and all kinds of
stuff and I don't know if that's
necessarily her fault as well and I
understand Shane wants to make things
creepy
that's what he does he makes these
conspiracy videos that's how he keeps
things interesting and I can understand
that and I can respect that he does a
great job at that and I also think Katie
took off her therapist had to sort of
drop these numbers and the facts just to
make it more interesting because she
knows that's what Shane won and kind of
like I don't Neil deGrasse Tyson it
drops these science bombs to blow your
mind it's the same kind of thing and
maybe it wasn't deliberate but these two
things playing into each other just made
it into in my opinion a really bad video
unfortunately some topics you just have
to be more careful when you cover them
and maybe not add in creepy music and
all these stupid things in the
background I think they realized that
now that's it however for my eight part
series about Shane Dawson
hope you guys are look forward to this
actually I might make it a twenty part
series I think we can really uncover
some deeper darker secrets in here smash
like if you enjoyed this video let me
know what you guys think are you just
jealous because she gets more views than
you yeah